In this video, we're going to use Angular
for conditionals and formatting.
So our goal here is that we want to add a new column
to check if a sales person has met their quota.
So, in our table here on the far right,
we'll have this new column called, Met Quota,
and then based on their sales volume,
we'll have a value of yes or no,
if they've met their quota.
So, i'll make use of a conditional, ngIf.
So Angular provides a structural directive, ngIf.
We can show content based on a condition,
or a Boolean expression.
So here's one example:
In our div, we can make use of *ngIf,
and then we could drop in some Boolean expression.
So, we'll show this content,
if the Boolean expression is true.
And if you like to get more details on ngIf,
you can look at the online documentation at this link.
Alrighty, so in our example,
we want to check if the sales volume
is greater than or equal to 60,000,
then we'll display yes,
else, we'll display no.
So in our little column here, Met Sales Quota,
that's the Boolean expression that we'll make use of.
Sales Volume greater than or equal to 60,000.
So in our coding here,
we can make use of a conditional with ngIf.
So first off, in our table head,
we'll setup a new column here, Met Quota.
So that's the new column
that we'll have over on the far right.
That's our table head.
And then inside of our body,
we loop over all of our Sales Persons.
And then for our new column,
we make use of this div *ngIf
and we add this conditional,
if tempSalesPerson.salesVolume
is greater than or equal to 60,000,
then we'll display, yes.
So that's the case of true.
Now, for the case of false, we'll have this else block.
So, else, myElseBlock matches to this ng template
in the next line,
and we'll give the value of no.
So that's the case of false.
So for your else portion, you can call it anything.
You can call it myElseBlock,
you can call it demo, fun, test,
anything you want to, as long as those two values
match up, myElseBlock.
The most commonly used structural directives
are ngFor and ngIf.
And We've already seen how to use
this in some of our examples.
Also, there are some others
such as ngSwitch, ngStyle and so on.
You can see the documentation for details
by going to the link here on this slide.
Now one more example here,
we want to format the sales volume as a currency
with US dollars.
So, here's our table.
And so for Sales Volume,
we actually want to use the given currency symbol
for a given currency.
Angular provides currency formatting using Angular Pipes.
So, basically you send data to a pipe for formatting.
As an example here, we have this cost and
and in some values,
say lets say for example the value is
11.99, then we can pipe it through the currency pipe
for US dollars.
This'll give us the output of the 11.99,
with the US dollar symbol.
Now if you'd like to get more details on the currency
pipe as far as other formats and so forth,
you can go to the link here on the slide.
But one thing I'd like to point out is that,
this is only for formatting.
This does not perform any currency conversion,
it doesn't use exchange rates, etc.
It simply takes a number and formats it accordingly
based on the currency that you specify.
Alight, so there's no magic in the background here,
only for formatting.
Alight, just had to say that.
(giggles)
Okay, great, so lets apply this to our example.
So we're going to format the sales volume
as a currency with US dollars.
So in our coding here in our table body,
for our table data,
we have our tempsalesperson.salesvolume,
we'll use our pipe and we'll pipe it over to currency
with USD.
And so this will give us our desired output here
that we have on our table.
There are other pipes available, such as DatePipe,
DecimalPipe and so on.
You can see the documentation for details using
the link here on the slide.
Okay, so this all looks really good.
Lets go ahead and move into our IDE,
and lets write the code.